TODO next:
 
    add fleet limit (size 5) - DONE
    different ship sizes    - DONE
    when limit reached message and no more new ships - DONE
    
    
    think about last 2 columns bug (make the last valid position stay on the board)
    vertical mode 
    think about ship overlap DONE
    placement rules (not next to each other) -DONE
    reset button - DONE


    
    JQUERY
    Game Screen
    
    improve code

    12/06:

    1) Game object to count how many ongoing games are there (See Asgn2 3.5 hint section).
    2) General game statistics (on going games, total ships sunk, games won)
    3) In-game stats (ships left, accuracy, succesful shots)
    
    12/07:

    1) If you press start, then waiting screen pops up (Play button only becomes pressable when all ships have been placed, client side).  DONE.
    2) Make a connection logic between player A and player B between.
    3) Move them both in a game by creating a new game instace. DONE.

    12/08:

    1) Make sure that they are both in the same game. DONE
    2) Send JSON fleets. DONE
    3) Write JS client-sided to place your ship on YOUR board. DONE
    4) More client-side code to recognize targeting opponents ships and to sent that to server. DONE
    5) SERVER SIDE:  accept A(/B)_TARGET_B5 message and send back to both clients A_HIT_B5 or A_MISS_B5 (based on fleetA, fleetB) DONE
    6) CLIENT SIDE: receive A(/B)_hit_B5 and render shot on my own or on opponents board
    6.5) implement graying out opponent board while waiting
    7) SERVER SIDE: after each hit, make sure to check if a ship has been sunk; if yes send A_SUNK_SHIP3 (where 3 is the size of the ship)
    8) Client: interpret ships sunk
    9) server: if a player has  sunk 5 ships, give victory and losing screen to respective players

    -make sure several ongoing games work at the same time
    - fix port hardcoded
    - when targeting make sure both are in game
    - make placement 1 apart rule
    -fix errors with make color
    -fix step 6